Feature/m0228 j 43 microjs (#127)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/js/index.rst

> ..

Reviewer: please share the associated pptx source files for js_toolchain.png and js_processor_overview.png?

Reviewer 2: Done.

.. ReStructuredText
..
.. Copyright 2020 MicroEJ Corp. All rights reserved.
.. MicroEJ Corp. PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use is subject to license terms.
..

============
 JavaScript
============

> Besides Java, the MicroEJ engine allows to develop applications in JavaScript.

Reviewer: Not besides
Please reuse the jleroux kickoff  something like JavaScript "on top of" Java 
TBD 
```suggestion
MicroEJ allows to develop parts of an application in JavaScript. Basically, a MicroEJ Application boots in Java, then it initializes the JavaScript module to run a mix of Java and JavaScript code.
```

We can also link "JavaScript sources processing" to get more details on how it works.

Reviewer 2: I'm okay with your proposal, maybe "initializes the JavaScript engine" instead of "initializes the JavaScript module", what's your opinion?

|

> .. figure:: images/js_toolchain.png

Reviewer: I don't like to duplicate this schematic just to add a Java and JS logo
moreover: 
- we are not allowed to use the coffee cup 
- we must ask to legal for using the JS logo.

=> I prefer to replace with the block diagram with JavaScript Addon Library positioning
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19801840/124561661-6e9c2e80-de3e-11eb-8b90-8e84773bba6b.png)

Reviewer 2: The picture has been replaced. Not sure about the size.
